you are what you are a #part of.
you are
in love
stressed
enthusiastic
touched
angry
happy
you are what you are a #part of.
you are
successful
ambitious
sometimes on cloud 9
sometimes devastated
you are
followers
fans
you are
mummy's boy
world explorers
allotment gardeners
home builders
astronaut
teacher and student
TV crazy
hipsters
you are
squares
cool
old-school
you are what you are a #part of.
you are
strong
for the weak
for big
and small
for what you are a #part of.
you show responsibility
for us
for many
for all
for what what you are a #part of.
in the spotlight
or in the last row
you are
one country
one community
you are what you are a #part of.
and we,
the Deutsche Telekom
are only satisfied when everyone can be a #part.
that's why we invest more than anyone else
into the excellent network
experience what connects.